Doc Fixes: Add ondelete proposal to readme + document the usage of etcd.backup.store.secretRef (#1389)
gardener/etcd-druid: docs/deployment/getting-started-locally/getting-started-locally.md

Brief explanation of the keys:

> * `secretRef.name` is the name of the secret that was applied as mentioned above. It is optional: omit it to use the pod's cloud identity instead. Note that on clusters without such an identity configured, omitting it will cause `backup-restore` to fail to create the snapstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secretRef.name` is the name of the secret that was applied as mentioned above. It is optional: omit it to use the pod's cloud identity instead. Note that on clusters without such an identity configured, omitting it will cause `backup-restore` to fail to creation of the snapshot object store.
```
same as above
